Improve grammar and clarity in markdown instructions. (#3492)
OWASP/mastg: .github/instructions/mastg-apps.instructions.md

## File naming and IDs

- The filename defines the app ID: `MASTG-APP-\d{4}.md`
- Do not add an `id:` field to the YAML front matter

> - Use the following available number within the platform folder. Coordinate in PRs to avoid collisions

Reviewer: Somehow `next` feels more accurate. 

```suggestion
- Use the next available number in the platform folder. Coordinate in PRs to avoid collisions
```
